Now let's handle the case
where we try to get student information
for a student ID that doesn't exist.
We're going to check for the status code in the 400 series,
basically, a 404 for the student not found.
All righty, let's zoom in here.
Let's go ahead and write this test.
The first thing that we want to do
is try and find the student ID with the ID of zero.
This student ID doesn't exist.
So we'll do an assertFalse here to make sure
that this student is not present, doesn't exist.
And then I'll perform a get request
for student information for ID.
I pass the ID of zero.
That's the ID that doesn't exist.
And then I'll expect a 400 client error coming back.
And the REST API will also send back a JSON response
for the error message,
and we can use our jsonPath to verify the response.
And we use a similar technique that we used earlier
by checking the status and checking the message.
All righty. So this coding here looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and run the test.
And excellent. All green here.
So this test passed.
So we're able to verify the scenario
of trying to get to the information
for a student ID that doesn't exist.
Good job.